---
layout: default
head.title: Amir Basiri - Full Stack Web Developer
description: Welcome to my personal website! As a passionate full stack web developer, I showcase my projects and share my experiences on this website. Browse through my portfolio and read my blog to stay updated on the latest trends and technologies in web development. Contact me to connect and stay in touch.
title: About
---

::hero
---
image: '/alpine-0.webp'
---
#title
Welcome to my website!

#description
- Passionate web developer with expertise in full stack development
- Creative problem-solver who enjoys finding innovative solutions
- Dedicated to staying up-to-date with the latest trends and best practices in web development
::

I'm a web developer with a passion for creating dynamic and engaging online experiences. Whether it's building a new website from scratch or improving an existing one, I love the challenge of finding creative solutions to complex problems.

With my expertise in full stack development, I'm able to bring your ideas to life using the latest web technologies and programming languages. I also enjoy staying up-to-date with the latest trends and best practices in the industry, constantly learning and experimenting to improve my skills.

In addition to showcasing my portfolio of work, this website also features a blog where I share my thoughts and insights on all things web development. From tutorials and tips to industry news and analysis, I strive to provide value and inspiration to my readers.

Thank you for visiting my website, and I look forward to connecting with you!

::gallery
---
images:
  - /alpine-0.webp
  - /alpine-1.webp
  - /alpine-2.webp
---
::
